# Castillok_eIlumin_WApp3
This deliverable is the link to your GitHub location - I will meet with your team to have you demo the web application to me and discuss it.  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XVMN8PM6cwoFZGZ6Nm2HI3asAY68MJqbqXVVgBpSJ2U/edit?usp=sharing (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.  Use the link above to make an appointment. Please do not take anyone else's time slot, remember there is a history to the document. Also, please refrain from marking up the document in any other way other than to reserve your time on it.  WApp3 is an important milestone checkpoint as you continue development of your quarter project web application. Goals are for me to make sure that you are on track to produce a final project that is worthy of the quarter's credits and grade. This deliverable should be low stress in terms of functionality, however, you must demonstrate in your submission that you are making progress.  For this assignment I would like a brief candid assessment in GitHub (use README.md) of which group member is responsible for which parts of the development. All members of the group will receive the same grade for this assignment. Make sure that your GitHub folder tree is correct and mirrors the ASP.NET MVC tree that is created in Visual Studio that we have studied and that you should be well familiar with by this time.  All standard components of software development that you have studied so far will be considered a fair target as part of your evaluation. You are expected to write good, clean, well-formatted and documented code that is highly readable and follows the standard architecture and naming conventions of MVC 5 as described in the Galloway book and the Dykstra tutorial. Your code must maintain the separation of concerns that MVC prescribes for the Models, Views, and Controllers that you include.  For this submission checkpoint, there will be an emphasis on your incorporation of the compartmentalized MVC features that we have covered (or are going to cover) in the Wrox text. In addition to the basic MVC architecture, your project is expected to demonstrate some fluency in at least 3 of the additional features we have studied such as:  Input validation annotation Routing (the MVC routing of URL requests) Fluency in passing data around within the MVC framework (using ViewBag, etc.) jQuery lambda expressions (normal syntax in Razor Views) HTML Helpers, URL Helpers, etc. MVC security features, such as HTML encoding, JavaScript encoding, Anti-Forgery validation token Demonstration of almost any other MVC feature would be a plus at this point You may choose (not required, but I will consider) to demonstrate mastery of a front end technology that you studied last year (HTML, CSS, javascript, jQuery, etc.), or show off your computer graphic skills Here are some hard requirements: It is very important at this checkpoint to demonstrate a clear transaction to the database being performed by your Web Application There should be a minimum of 3 DbSet objects in your DbContext class that the EF is using. This means that your application has a minimum of 3 tables that are relating to each other somehow. Each of these 3 entities in the DbContext should have a controller Each of the 3 above controllers should have the basic CRUD operation functions available in View pages that were scaffolded. There should be a demonstration of security level data annotations in at least one controller (usually there need to be at least 3 levels of security - user, manager, admin, but you may have/need more 
